account_invoice_view_payment/README.rst, before:

============================
Account Invoice View Payment
============================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:0cca4874ac9c8da20233b28a13917e68e208348a2a0575f94b7bf241aa5bcea2
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Faccount--invoicing-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/account-invoicing/tree/15.0/account_invoice_view_payment
    :alt: OCA/account-invoicing
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/account-invoicing-15-0/account-invoicing-15-0-account_invoice_view_payment
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/account-invoicing&target_branch=15.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module allows users to access directly to the payment from an invoice
when registering a payment or afterwards.

The option to open the payment when it's being registered is useful
when the user needs to do a follow-up step on the payment, such as printing
the associated check.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

Only users assigned to the group "Billing" can display the payments from the
invoice.

Usage
=====

Registering a payment

#. Go to an open customer invoice or vendor bill and press 'Register Payment'.
#. Enter the payment details and press 'Validate & View Payment'.

After payment has been made

#. Go to an open customer invoice or vendor bill and press the link
   'View Payments' that appears next to the list of payments made for that
   invoice.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/account-invoicing/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/account-invoicing/issues/new?body=module:%20account_invoice_view_payment%0Aversion:%2015.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* ForgeFlow

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Jordi Ballester <jordi.ballester@forgeflow.com>
* Miquel Raïch <miquel.raich@forgeflow.com>
* Achraf Mhadhbi <machraf@bloopark.de>
* Rattapong Chokmasermkul <rattapongc@ecosoft.co.th>
* Juany Davila <juany.davila@forgeflow.com>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/account-invoicing <https://github.com/OCA/account-invoicing/tree/15.0/account_invoice_view_payment>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[MIG] account_invoice_view_payment: Migration to 16.0

account_invoice_view_payment/README.rst, after:

============================
Account Invoice View Payment
============================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:0cca4874ac9c8da20233b28a13917e68e208348a2a0575f94b7bf241aa5bcea2
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Faccount--invoicing-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/account-invoicing/tree/16.0/account_invoice_view_payment
    :alt: OCA/account-invoicing
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/account-invoicing-16-0/account-invoicing-16-0-account_invoice_view_payment
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/account-invoicing&target_branch=16.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module allows users to access directly to the payment from an invoice
when registering a payment or afterwards.

The option to open the payment when it's being registered is useful
when the user needs to do a follow-up step on the payment, such as printing
the associated check.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

Only users assigned to the group "Billing" can display the payments from the
invoice.

Usage
=====

Registering a payment

#. Go to an open customer invoice or vendor bill and press 'Register Payment'.
#. The button "Create Payment" will take care of validating the payment.

After payment has been made

#. Go to an open customer invoice or vendor bill and press the link
   'View Payments' that appears next to the list of payments made for that
   invoice.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/account-invoicing/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/account-invoicing/issues/new?body=module:%20account_invoice_view_payment%0Aversion:%2016.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* ForgeFlow

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Jordi Ballester <jordi.ballester@forgeflow.com>
* Miquel Raïch <miquel.raich@forgeflow.com>
* Achraf Mhadhbi <machraf@bloopark.de>
* Rattapong Chokmasermkul <rattapongc@ecosoft.co.th>
* Juany Davila <juany.davila@forgeflow.com>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/account-invoicing <https://github.com/OCA/account-invoicing/tree/16.0/account_invoice_view_payment>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
